README.md, before:

## Malware found in the wild

- [EICAR test file](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EICAR_test_file)
````powershell
X5O!P%@AP[4\PZX54(P^)7CC)7}$EICAR-STANDARD-ANTIVIRUS-TEST-FILE!$H+H*
````

Downloading can be done with proxychains and tor. Downloading multiple files can be done like this:
- on MacOS:
````powershell
#!/bin/bash
#collect IPs from logs and put them in a matrix
virusMatrix=(
  1.94.127.91:51527/Mozi.a
  42.224.2.177:56263/Mozi.a
  42.230.87.202:33296/Mozi.m
  58.249.22.48:46809/Mozi.m
  59.94.195.181:46026/Mozi.a
  61.3.155.131:43576/Mozi.a
)
for url in "${virusMatrix[@]}"
  do
    :
    proxychains4 wget $url
done
````

### Some resources
- [Aurora](https://github.com/W3ndige/aurora) - Malware similarity platform with modularity in mind.
- [DetectionLab](https://github.com/clong/DetectionLab) - Automate the creation of a lab environment complete with security tooling and logging best practices.
- [DomainClassifier](https://github.com/adulau/DomainClassifier) - DomainClassifier is a Python (2/3) library to extract and classify Internet domains/hostnames/IP addresses from raw unstructured text files following their DNS existence, localization or attributes.
- [MalwareClassifier](https://github.com/adulau/MalwareClassifier) - Malware Classifier From Network Captures.
- [Unit42's Playbook](https://pan-unit42.github.io/playbook_viewer)
- [WMIPersistence.vbs](https://gist.github.com/mgeeky/d00ba855d2af73fd8d7446df0f64c25a)

## Malware
- [Bediger4000's PHP Malware Analysis repo](https://github.com/bediger4000/php-malware-analysis) -  Deobfuscation and analysis of PHP malware captured by a WordPress honey pot.
- [Malware by abshkd](https://github.com/abshkd/malware) - This is a collection of known malware and threats found on various Linux/web servers. Also find known ways to detect.
- [Malware by theevilbit](https://github.com/theevilbit/malware) - Various malware RE stuff.
- [Malwares-code by futex](https://github.com/futex/Malwares-code) - Example of malicious codes for educational purpose, don't make shit with that.
- [MalwareSamples' Malware-Feed](https://github.com/MalwareSamples/Malware-Feed)
- [MalwareSourceCode](https://github.com/vxunderground/MalwareSourceCode/tree/main/PHP) - Collection of malware source code for a variety of platforms in an array of different programming languages.
- [Malware World](https://malwareworld.com) - Check for Suspicious Domains and IPs.
  - [Malware World Github](https://github.com/carlospolop/MalwareWorld) - System based on +500 blacklists and 5 external intelligences to detect internet potencially malicious hosts.
  - [vx - Virus Exchange](https://github.com/am0nsec/vx) - Virus Exchange (VX) - Collection of malware or assembly code used for "offensive" purposed.
### MacOS
- [objective-see.com/malware](https://objective-see.com/malware.html)
### Windows
- [moneta](https://github.com/forrest-orr/moneta) - Moneta is a live usermode memory analysis tool for Windows with the capability to detect malware IOCs.

Commit message:

Malware-analysis-and-Reverse-engineering

README.md, after:

## Malware found in the wild

- [EICAR test file](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EICAR_test_file)
````powershell
X5O!P%@AP[4\PZX54(P^)7CC)7}$EICAR-STANDARD-ANTIVIRUS-TEST-FILE!$H+H*
````

Downloading can be done with proxychains and tor. Downloading multiple files can be done like this:
- on MacOS:
````powershell
#!/bin/bash
#collect IPs from logs and put them in a matrix
virusMatrix=(
  1.94.127.91:51527/Mozi.a
  42.224.2.177:56263/Mozi.a
  42.230.87.202:33296/Mozi.m
  58.249.22.48:46809/Mozi.m
  59.94.195.181:46026/Mozi.a
  61.3.155.131:43576/Mozi.a
)
for url in "${virusMatrix[@]}"
  do
    :
    proxychains4 wget $url
done
````

### Some resources
- [Aurora](https://github.com/W3ndige/aurora) - Malware similarity platform with modularity in mind.
- [DetectionLab](https://github.com/clong/DetectionLab) - Automate the creation of a lab environment complete with security tooling and logging best practices.
- [DomainClassifier](https://github.com/adulau/DomainClassifier) - DomainClassifier is a Python (2/3) library to extract and classify Internet domains/hostnames/IP addresses from raw unstructured text files following their DNS existence, localization or attributes.
- [MalwareClassifier](https://github.com/adulau/MalwareClassifier) - Malware Classifier From Network Captures.
- [Malware-analysis-and-Reverse-engineering](https://github.com/Dump-GUY/Malware-analysis-and-Reverse-engineering) - "Some of my publicly available Malware analysis and Reverse engineering."
- [Unit42's Playbook](https://pan-unit42.github.io/playbook_viewer)
- [WMIPersistence.vbs](https://gist.github.com/mgeeky/d00ba855d2af73fd8d7446df0f64c25a)

## Malware
- [Bediger4000's PHP Malware Analysis repo](https://github.com/bediger4000/php-malware-analysis) -  Deobfuscation and analysis of PHP malware captured by a WordPress honey pot.
- [Malware by abshkd](https://github.com/abshkd/malware) - This is a collection of known malware and threats found on various Linux/web servers. Also find known ways to detect.
- [Malware by theevilbit](https://github.com/theevilbit/malware) - Various malware RE stuff.
- [Malwares-code by futex](https://github.com/futex/Malwares-code) - Example of malicious codes for educational purpose, don't make shit with that.
- [MalwareSamples' Malware-Feed](https://github.com/MalwareSamples/Malware-Feed)
- [MalwareSourceCode](https://github.com/vxunderground/MalwareSourceCode/tree/main/PHP) - Collection of malware source code for a variety of platforms in an array of different programming languages.
- [Malware World](https://malwareworld.com) - Check for Suspicious Domains and IPs.
  - [Malware World Github](https://github.com/carlospolop/MalwareWorld) - System based on +500 blacklists and 5 external intelligences to detect internet potencially malicious hosts.
  - [vx - Virus Exchange](https://github.com/am0nsec/vx) - Virus Exchange (VX) - Collection of malware or assembly code used for "offensive" purposed.
### MacOS
- [objective-see.com/malware](https://objective-see.com/malware.html)
### Windows
- [moneta](https://github.com/forrest-orr/moneta) - Moneta is a live usermode memory analysis tool for Windows with the capability to detect malware IOCs.
