PHP/README.md, before:

## PHP Malware files found on infected Wordpress sites.


#### 123ds.php.suspected
````
sha1sum:    e1f42afd07afef8f978befc67a024d5aef14e421
md5sum:     adf808e5f6cfbccd8a6fd3d2e855a0ae
sha256sum:  4596b9a8be0cff71ecc243e670a8acf9a6fe1143804cc27b26fcb2d67c790d56
sha512sum:  b5aad8eebaa2e33f4e92d764e623a849d7e1981189bd868cf34c855f8a79f7089f2aec682033001f9aa085a2f570edf995f11d4ede1afba8bd9e7ad10f9c43fe
````
#### .db2a52b3.ico
````
sha1sum:    b30cbbd296078788138448bf1e1480bed5b70a4b
md5sum:     43308d19cdad668895b2dd4da01847a9
sha256sum:  0a7320e769f1e72c83262874977a1ad65ea365b15408cf7d02bef200c56a7478
sha512sum:  bb0b36407a84a0c2078c15c21656bf26a1a254e9576fa68f2ac655d2fce9f891653f2c0b7529f23e962e888eba8b88fb936c23aa91d7fa6df72b8e63a253fc05
````
#### async-upload.php
````
sha1sum:    a0bb85fe583f1c1f39054d375098fcade966e63f
md5sum:     9e8126b826536ea6391c85903734bb6b
sha256sum:  ac7ceb311968655e08f5441bad107396d29f674cc82c7770a3424ed6fc134076
sha512sum:  e7ed65a66c971b9bcf59536130cd34d7931a43cd864342ba02d4a0a51675bde8944dfb9bcc7e32dd3688e05873f94c3e288537cadb5fed5004b7f07f1ab42cb1
````
#### class-IXR-base64.php
````
sha1sum:    265392b2c50dbe8866af37b2459fbb8dc6f5bd0f
md5sum:     4b25aa47276a76a538e4d7f25183902c
sha256sum:  77c740c0dedd7f37c0854b4e81e9d8f262981e892994a4dcad021e490f3a6a58
sha512sum:  9dd47377b45383813b0e958fd79ccc09451a3c3bba5f415d5c5552baa90717f8be9fc168d96abc7f781644c14c779cc5cc6b05336ab8d04f8eb138e9a70525d6
````
#### dclzougj.php
````
sha1sum:    68ff3e3d743c27c6ced61ddb9ac79e8642f8133b
md5sum:     6c41e4ad389a2c7cc4260ff9cb6557bf
sha256sum:  d2fc3d9d5550042888ea645bc1e9a63d8c83c7afe0764650f75c682a5c7c777e
sha512sum:  463a804378c83eb637bb080e6e2ee688d5f3282d843c619c13f967a945fac502d523e2b0b5934911d8b7970cce3b42c7b79e09bdb3b04d0dec52b2bffd938b67
````
#### fsockopen.php
````
sha1sum:    fdfb56b74ffc66a4c93e103145635f861c167050
md5sum:     1d21ee4a4f60ad1afc48f118483fb73f
sha256sum:  31281e71e9bcf327dc523a76f984a0108d2df66e7d88b747d4569adbc7c5fe50
sha512sum:  3211aa236f0187c0114b7735a53bb96b5aad95b511f6ea637ce81c0ddcc161c1cdd1df5a177032449cb10fa1e77b179acab0ccc869c81d69cf7157a7337860d0
````
#### lwxqmufd.php
````
sha1sum:    777906613edf3299b0a9e1e5189ccb26314d5206
md5sum:     7b871b5f514f616a9ce5389b4978e95e
sha256sum:  6a7e90ae6b4ef0d3939115edd599c20b2a0f437b8e16361da8090a3897f4e3ae
sha512sum:  797c8efecc43843ac9cf48445d644456544612592fc4a7d8f655971379a79aae5b2728ed1d5e8ae73dd5e52f66841e44f24669496260949474ac722cdff2f73a
````
#### oqjykvqwdk.php and rc0q8exapy.php
````
sha1sum:    3dd48e228aee6db9bc1f62661053a60308cf1f21
md5sum:     3f60851c9f7e37c0d8817101d2212c68
sha256sum:  6452039c95cf77d834e2eaa1459abf4e176c1f7158f2b86751138e5bd24e072e
sha512sum:  0ec556410ddb0a2397c5d56eedd478a390013fa45c66e6cf2c8c4a6c7bb70850cd2756f32357ecfe5611b26c2e8bb027508e2ef652a03210000deffa152aada4
````
#### wlstncyj.php
````
sha1sum:    1396dcca01ada300f64f0efa832cc316b3fd7bea
md5sum:     15d4b77660f1c6138b6045eacf848a60
sha256sum:  099e6888413d3b11b6945fbc7a5f21e7c6894949e1c460642a20ef1e638fd6e2
sha512sum:  f2e0ed9d6dd6ae40c6b0f407b4764a5a90656f3c1ae67a8bbe750709e78e008356ae5be96e0a206833fd00550424321b5e1e7590136d743c029b5162e4fe3af6
````
#### q89cq.php
````
sha1sum:    48452db9ea90add8190fe8ee82a8b7921b9f859c
md5sum:     d897fb64311a69eb8f8a1237b50d1d98
sha256sum:  1b2ed7bba93e7423a0bb966040ae1eb91a1daa8d9ca158f4c31ebc925f4f76e1
sha512sum:  1ce370ab96d4d9ad469a91bf0e93a8e9a65db0190682a67a653a39f13500b1e480bd94bece33f6a992a0305300548339997ec58bf194d07b0aefb8151973fb7c
````

Commit message:

added PHP Malware Collection by marcocesarato

PHP/README.md, after:

## PHP Malware files found on infected Wordpress sites.

- [PHP Malware Collection by marcocesarato](https://github.com/marcocesarato/PHP-Malware-Collection) - Collection of php malware/backdoors/shell.

#### 123ds.php.suspected
````
sha1sum:    e1f42afd07afef8f978befc67a024d5aef14e421
md5sum:     adf808e5f6cfbccd8a6fd3d2e855a0ae
sha256sum:  4596b9a8be0cff71ecc243e670a8acf9a6fe1143804cc27b26fcb2d67c790d56
sha512sum:  b5aad8eebaa2e33f4e92d764e623a849d7e1981189bd868cf34c855f8a79f7089f2aec682033001f9aa085a2f570edf995f11d4ede1afba8bd9e7ad10f9c43fe
````
#### .db2a52b3.ico
````
sha1sum:    b30cbbd296078788138448bf1e1480bed5b70a4b
md5sum:     43308d19cdad668895b2dd4da01847a9
sha256sum:  0a7320e769f1e72c83262874977a1ad65ea365b15408cf7d02bef200c56a7478
sha512sum:  bb0b36407a84a0c2078c15c21656bf26a1a254e9576fa68f2ac655d2fce9f891653f2c0b7529f23e962e888eba8b88fb936c23aa91d7fa6df72b8e63a253fc05
````
#### async-upload.php
````
sha1sum:    a0bb85fe583f1c1f39054d375098fcade966e63f
md5sum:     9e8126b826536ea6391c85903734bb6b
sha256sum:  ac7ceb311968655e08f5441bad107396d29f674cc82c7770a3424ed6fc134076
sha512sum:  e7ed65a66c971b9bcf59536130cd34d7931a43cd864342ba02d4a0a51675bde8944dfb9bcc7e32dd3688e05873f94c3e288537cadb5fed5004b7f07f1ab42cb1
````
#### class-IXR-base64.php
````
sha1sum:    265392b2c50dbe8866af37b2459fbb8dc6f5bd0f
md5sum:     4b25aa47276a76a538e4d7f25183902c
sha256sum:  77c740c0dedd7f37c0854b4e81e9d8f262981e892994a4dcad021e490f3a6a58
sha512sum:  9dd47377b45383813b0e958fd79ccc09451a3c3bba5f415d5c5552baa90717f8be9fc168d96abc7f781644c14c779cc5cc6b05336ab8d04f8eb138e9a70525d6
````
#### dclzougj.php
````
sha1sum:    68ff3e3d743c27c6ced61ddb9ac79e8642f8133b
md5sum:     6c41e4ad389a2c7cc4260ff9cb6557bf
sha256sum:  d2fc3d9d5550042888ea645bc1e9a63d8c83c7afe0764650f75c682a5c7c777e
sha512sum:  463a804378c83eb637bb080e6e2ee688d5f3282d843c619c13f967a945fac502d523e2b0b5934911d8b7970cce3b42c7b79e09bdb3b04d0dec52b2bffd938b67
````
#### fsockopen.php
````
sha1sum:    fdfb56b74ffc66a4c93e103145635f861c167050
md5sum:     1d21ee4a4f60ad1afc48f118483fb73f
sha256sum:  31281e71e9bcf327dc523a76f984a0108d2df66e7d88b747d4569adbc7c5fe50
sha512sum:  3211aa236f0187c0114b7735a53bb96b5aad95b511f6ea637ce81c0ddcc161c1cdd1df5a177032449cb10fa1e77b179acab0ccc869c81d69cf7157a7337860d0
````
#### lwxqmufd.php
````
sha1sum:    777906613edf3299b0a9e1e5189ccb26314d5206
md5sum:     7b871b5f514f616a9ce5389b4978e95e
sha256sum:  6a7e90ae6b4ef0d3939115edd599c20b2a0f437b8e16361da8090a3897f4e3ae
sha512sum:  797c8efecc43843ac9cf48445d644456544612592fc4a7d8f655971379a79aae5b2728ed1d5e8ae73dd5e52f66841e44f24669496260949474ac722cdff2f73a
````
#### oqjykvqwdk.php and rc0q8exapy.php
````
sha1sum:    3dd48e228aee6db9bc1f62661053a60308cf1f21
md5sum:     3f60851c9f7e37c0d8817101d2212c68
sha256sum:  6452039c95cf77d834e2eaa1459abf4e176c1f7158f2b86751138e5bd24e072e
sha512sum:  0ec556410ddb0a2397c5d56eedd478a390013fa45c66e6cf2c8c4a6c7bb70850cd2756f32357ecfe5611b26c2e8bb027508e2ef652a03210000deffa152aada4
````
#### wlstncyj.php
````
sha1sum:    1396dcca01ada300f64f0efa832cc316b3fd7bea
md5sum:     15d4b77660f1c6138b6045eacf848a60
sha256sum:  099e6888413d3b11b6945fbc7a5f21e7c6894949e1c460642a20ef1e638fd6e2
sha512sum:  f2e0ed9d6dd6ae40c6b0f407b4764a5a90656f3c1ae67a8bbe750709e78e008356ae5be96e0a206833fd00550424321b5e1e7590136d743c029b5162e4fe3af6
````
#### q89cq.php
````
sha1sum:    48452db9ea90add8190fe8ee82a8b7921b9f859c
md5sum:     d897fb64311a69eb8f8a1237b50d1d98
sha256sum:  1b2ed7bba93e7423a0bb966040ae1eb91a1daa8d9ca158f4c31ebc925f4f76e1
sha512sum:  1ce370ab96d4d9ad469a91bf0e93a8e9a65db0190682a67a653a39f13500b1e480bd94bece33f6a992a0305300548339997ec58bf194d07b0aefb8151973fb7c
````
